.TH GET\-OUT 1 "2026-03-11" "get-out" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
get\-out \- export Slack messages to Google Docs
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B get-out
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.I command
[\fIcommand options\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B get-out
exports Slack DMs, group messages, and channels to organized Google Docs in
Google Drive. It supports browser-based extraction via Chrome DevTools Protocol
and API-based extraction via a Slack bot token.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B init
Initialize the configuration directory (\fI~/.get-out/\fR), migrate files from
the old \fI~/.config/get-out/\fR location, create starter config templates,
and prompt for a Google Drive folder ID.
.TP
.B auth login
Authenticate with Google Drive and Docs APIs via OAuth 2.0. Opens a browser
for the consent flow and saves the refresh token to \fItoken.json\fR.
.TP
.B auth status
Display the current authentication status without opening a browser. Shows
credentials path, token validity, expiry time, and connected Google account.
Exits 1 when not authenticated.
.TP
.B doctor
Run 10 health checks and print a styled pass/warn/fail summary. Exits 0 when
all checks pass or only warnings exist; exits 1 on any failure.
.TP
.B setup-browser
Run a guided 5-step wizard to verify Chrome is reachable, a Slack tab is open,
and credentials can be extracted. Exits 0 when all steps pass; exits 1 on failure.
.TP
.B discover
Fetch Slack conversation metadata and member lists from the active browser
session and write/merge results into \fIpeople.json\fR.
.TP
.B list
List all conversations configured in \fIconversations.json\fR with their ID,
type, mode, and export flag.
.TP
.B export [\fIconversation_id\fR...]
Export Slack messages to Google Docs. Exports all conversations where
\fIexport=true\fR unless specific IDs are provided.
.TP
.B status
Show export progress from \fIexport-index.json\fR: per-conversation status,
message counts, doc counts, and last-updated timestamp.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-config \fIpath\fR
Config directory path (default: \fI~/.get-out\fR).
.TP
.B \-\-chrome\-port \fIport\fR
Chrome DevTools Protocol port (default: 9222).
.TP
.B \-\-debug
Enable debug output.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-verbose
Verbose output — includes file paths in doctor output and tab URLs in
setup-browser output.
.TP
.B \-\-no\-keyring
Disable OS keychain integration. Secrets (credentials, token) are stored in
plaintext files with mode 0600 in the config directory instead of the system
keychain. Useful in CI/CD environments or when keychain access is unavailable.
.TP
.B \-\-version
Print version information.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.get-out/credentials.json
Google OAuth 2.0 client credentials (downloaded from Google Cloud Console).
Mode 0600 recommended.
.TP
.I ~/.get-out/token.json
Saved OAuth refresh token. Created by \fBauth login\fR. Mode 0600 recommended.
.TP
.I ~/.get-out/settings.json
Application settings. Fields: \fIfolder_id\fR (Drive folder ID),
\fIslackBotToken\fR, \fIgoogleCredentialsFile\fR, \fIlogLevel\fR.
.TP
.I ~/.get-out/conversations.json
List of Slack conversations to export with per-conversation settings.
.TP
.I ~/.get-out/people.json
Mapping of Slack user IDs to display names and Google emails.
.TP
.I ~/.get-out/export-index.json
Checkpoint index tracking exported docs, folder IDs, and message timestamps.
.SH EXAMPLES
Install via Homebrew and run initial setup:
.PP
.nf
    brew tap jflowers/tools && brew install get-out
    get-out init
    get-out auth login
    get-out setup-browser
    get-out export
.fi
.PP
Run health checks before a long export:
.PP
.nf
    get-out doctor
.fi
.PP
Export specific conversations by ID:
.PP
.nf
    get-out export D123ABC456 C789DEF012
.fi
.PP
Incremental sync — only new messages since last run:
.PP
.nf
    get-out export --sync
.fi
.SH AUTHOR
John Flowers <jflowers@users.noreply.github.com>
